Allow savedObjects types registration from NP (#57430)
elastic/kibana: docs/development/core/server/kibana-plugin-server.savedobjectmigrationfn.md

## SavedObjectMigrationFn type

> A migration function defined for a [saved objects type](./kibana-plugin-server.savedobjectstype.md) used to migrate it's  to a given version

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
A migration function for a [saved object type](./kibana-plugin-server.savedobjectstype.md) used to migrate it to a given version
```
